As Design Lead, I developed Testamentus.org, a Bible reader focused on extreme performance and accessibility.
Using Lean UX methodology, I prioritized continuous learning and rapid validation to create an experience free of ads and distractions.
The information architecture was designed to ensure that any content can be accessed in a maximum of three clicks, optimizing the user flow.
The search engine, developed in PHP and MySQL, processes instant results, making it easier to locate specific verses and chapters.
To ensure inclusion for all users, I also implemented a robust accessibility menu in compliance with WCAG AA standards.
The system allows for dynamic adjustment of typography, spacing, and contrast, reducing visual fatigue during prolonged reading.
I also facilitated a unique sharing feature where users can highlight and generate verse images for social media without needing to log in, saved locally on the device.
The entire interface is mobile-first and responsive, adapting fluidly across devices to serve the 65% of users who access via mobile.
Technical efficiency was prioritized with vanilla JavaScript and optimized CSS, achieving a loading time of just 0.9 seconds.
This results in performance 80% faster than the industry average, such as Biblia Online in Brazil, with near zero RAM consumption during simultaneous global access.
The platform supports over 40 languages using intelligent caching to deliver static content with near zero weight anywhere in the world.
The results validate the strategy. I exceeded performance benchmarks by 150% on Google PageSpeed, reaching a task completion rate of 92%.
The bounce rate was reduced to 15%, while the average session duration rose to 8.5 minutes, greatly surpassing market standards.
This case study demonstrates how user-centered design and scalable technical architecture can indeed transform the digital experience at scale.